# Systems-Analysis-and-Design
The client, Liam is seeking to develop a system called DriverPass. DriverPass is educational software with the goal of improving DMV driver’s exam pass rates. DriverPass will allow customers access to educational material composed of up-to-date DMV rules and regulations regarding driving practices. DriverPass will allow customers to take practice exams and get instant feedback. Customers will have the ability to review their scores and progress with the material. Customers can also choose the option of taking on the road driving lessons, where they will have the ability to schedule appointments with a certified driver. Customers will receive live feedback from drivers, as well as receive drivers notes after the session to help reiterate subjects which need improvement.

In this repository you will see two documents. There is a business requirements document, where I have given an overview of the project. This includes purpose, background, and objectives. I’ve identified functional and nonfunctional requirements for the system. I’ve portrayed the client’s vision for the user interface into a more comprehensive outline. I’ve also included assumptions, and limitations. I also created a Gannt Chart to demonstrate the timeline and steps involved to create this software for DriverPass. I feel I’ve really captured the clients’ needs and was able to portray them in an easy to comprehend and detailed matter. There is also a Design document uploaded. Here you can see various diagrams of how the project is intended to function. If I had to rework on some of this project, I would tweak the design diagrams a bit more. I’d love to add more details by breaking actions down into further steps.

When creating software, it is pertinent to consider a user’s needs in the system design. To draw in more customers for a client, the software needs to be as user-friendly and intuitive as possible. Putting yourself in the mindset of a user and trying to guess at all of a user’s concerns will help to reduce user issues later. With this in mind, we can provide an optimal user interface to keep both the client and users happy.
When designing software, the first thing I want to do is understand the end goal of a product, including requirements. Once I have that, I can begin to work on a blueprint for the software. This is why it is so vital to be well educated on the use of UML/Use Case/Action/Sequence diagrams. Having well thought out diagrams will help reduce flaws in designing software. 
